README.md, before:

# Cross-chain Proof-of-Humanity

Smart contracts for the cross-chain version of Proof-of-Humanity

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47434163/161445069-c6207d96-0477-47bb-b374-36828a7c150f.png)

### Install dependencies
```shell
yarn
```

### Deployment
Scripts to help with deployment are in `scripts/deploy` folder. You can run corresponding commands to deploy different contracts:
- `deploy-poh`: deploy ProofOfHumanity
- `deploy-extended`: deploy ProofOfHumanityExtended
- `deploy-ccpoh`: deploy CrossChainProofOfHumanity
- `deploy-gateway`: deploy cross-chain gateway
- `deploy-pohlegacy`: deploy legacy version of ProofOfHumanity (v1)

Note that variables are hardcoded in each script file and contract addresses (which are going to be used to connect contracts interacting with each other) are to be added in `scripts/consts.ts` file.

### Test contracts (will also compile them)
```shell
npx hardhat test
```

### Compile contracts
```shell
npx hardhat compile
```

Other hardhat commands can be searched in the hardhat documentation.

### Deploying contracts

Commit message:

readme: list of addresses of deployed contracts

README.md, after:

# Cross-chain Proof-of-Humanity

Smart contracts for the cross-chain version of Proof-of-Humanity

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47434163/161445069-c6207d96-0477-47bb-b374-36828a7c150f.png)

### Install dependencies
```shell
yarn
```

### Deployment
Scripts to help with deployment are in `scripts/deploy` folder. You can run corresponding commands to deploy different contracts:
- `deploy-poh`: deploy ProofOfHumanity (on sidechain)
- `deploy-extended`: deploy ProofOfHumanityExtended (on mainnet for integration of v1 profiles)
- `deploy-ccpoh`: deploy CrossChainProofOfHumanity
- `deploy-gateway`: deploy cross-chain gateway
- `deploy-pohlegacy`: deploy legacy version of ProofOfHumanity (v1) (testnets only)

Note that variables are hardcoded in each script file and contract addresses (which are going to be used to connect contracts interacting with each other) are to be added in `scripts/consts/addresses/addresses-mainnets.ts` file.

### Compile contracts
```shell
yarn compile
```

Other hardhat commands can be searched in the hardhat documentation.

### Deployed contracts on mainnets (Ethereum and Gnosis)
ETHEREUM:
- POH: 0x87c5c294C9d0ACa6b9b2835A99FE0c9A444Aacc1
- POH_Implementation: 0xF921b42B541bc53a07067B65207F879c9377bf7F
- CROSS_CHAIN: 0xD8D462ac9F3FAD77Af2ae2640fE7F591F1651A2C
- CC_Implementation: 0x064B1132D9A9c43Df269FeAD9e80c195Fb9cd916
- GATEWAY: 0x290e997D7c46BDFf666Ad38506fcFB3082180DF9
- LEGACY: 0xC5E9dDebb09Cd64DfaCab4011A0D5cEDaf7c9BDb (PoH v1)
- PROXY_ADMIN: 0xf57B69f71DD7499Ca30242390E655e8A6a93b51b
- PROXY_ADMIN_CC: 0xec729b0eCf7972236e8926DA4feAAF9BC8F55e65
- FORK_MODULE: 0x116cB4077afbb9B5c7E0dCd5fc4Ce943Ab624dbF

GNOSIS:
- POH: 0xECd1823b3087acEE3C77928b1959c08d31A8F20e
- POH_Implementation: 0x5efa99c7b0cc04893b2c5551437ff82b19e661c7
- CROSS_CHAIN: 0xF921b42B541bc53a07067B65207F879c9377bf7F
- CC_Implementation: 0xc664a8d43601109fc50f3bcf22f29e9119ab2f6d
- GATEWAY: 0xD8D462ac9F3FAD77Af2ae2640fE7F591F1651A2C
- PROXY_ADMIN: 0x60BC555eb5a40b7f934A7345aFA3596Ddd388b2B
- PROXY_ADMIN_CC: 0x36dfBA40eD6DC28f26163548466170b39BE2916D
